[Music]
plain food was initially conceived of
the restaurant back in 2005 Heathrow
they had come up with this concept of
cutting air to new terminal in the world
so we came up with the idea that we
would have to have this restaurant yeah
six months of learning and then we
actually came up to brilliant
streamlined operation where everything
was literally food on the table within
five minutes a big order my name is Sir
Mulligan I'm their chip I'm working
though up on flame for day one I love
coming to the restaurant because always
busy lively they do I love myself like a
food is community experience how we all
work together complete exciting fun and
a very vibrant precise restaurant so you
need to be on your wits at all times you
want to go back with amazing new energy
it makes this something that people in a
talk about the next time you it's got to
be a completely different environment
it's going to be a really challenging so
food yeah I'm really looking forward to
open plain food spot too
[Music]